Now it's time for the income statement exercise this income statement exercise is attached in Excel
format to the current lecture and basically all you do is you copy these items.
Right.
These white boxes here and then you're going to put them into these boxes these three OK and the next
tab right here here and here.
All right.
And then what you're going to do is you're going to write down if the percent change year over year
which will automatically be calculated here.
Right.
If the percent change is a concern yes or no.
And if you answer yes then please write down here why.
OK.
And then when you're done please click here to read the answers and also please watch the next lectures
.
I want to go through the answer is a much more detail.
So one last thing I want to say is that these items are sorted alphabetically so again just copy and
paste them into the appropriate boxes here.
Tell me if that's a concern yes or no.
If the answer is yes then right why